# intel-
A variety of conditions that affect your heart are referred to as heart disease. According to World Health Organization reports, cardiovascular diseases are now the leading cause of death worldwide, with 17.9 million deaths per year. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are now widely acknowledged to play an important role in the medical field, where they are used to diagnose diseases, classify or forecast outcomes using a variety of machine learning and deep learning models. Machine learning algorithms can quickly adapt to a thorough analysis of genetic data. For accurate estimation, medical records can be changed and studied more thoroughly, and better models can be identified for accurate prediction. Using a different algorithm, several researchers have reported on the prediction of heart problems.The aim of this study is to diagnose heart disease using machine learning algorithms. Machine Learning can help predict the presence or absence of locomotor disorders, heart diseases, and other conditions. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to solve this problem right now. To improve the classification accuracy of a heart disease data set, we propose combining KNN, logistics regression, SVM, Random Forest algorithm, and decision tree algorithm. The proposed approach was applied to the dataset, which included first a thorough analysis of the data, followed by the use of various machine learning algorithms, including linear model selection and Logistic Regression. KNeighborsClassifier was used to focus on neighbour selection, followed by a tree-based technique like DecisionTreeClassifier, and finally a very popular and most popular ensemble method RandomForestClassifier. Support Vector Machine was also used to check and handle the data's high dimensionality.
